looks nice that they are all back as a slight delay of the flood
still on gauge so the weather is there
Percent should earn the playful
Criteria a good selection
we got together for is
Press meeting before an away game at Hannover 96 Ahmann Samsung Fuchs only
we will be there
2000 FCK windows in Essen accompany this is the so-called pull here
have sold
We assume who about two and a half thousand, according to Rainer Ali dere
to have
then the next home game against HSV stood now a 40 000 it aims
then play the last in Frankfurt
that we are reserved off but
It is almost daily free reservation that is if I FCK Offense
If you want to do a favor then you could announce that you regularly one
Online shop customers are supposed to be there are definitely active tickets
available
and some reservations have already expired
as the home game Freiburg was now
33 breaks can be sold
referee
on Saturday against
Hannover like Felix be two
now he tells
his lead of CFC home against Frankfurt the result is appalling
back due to his yellow card suspension
Love to say is the mood for the weather with the knowledge that where it is
was so cold earlier
get nominated to the players
The case should be the mood within the nature of the team is good
around
teroddes I believe or GGG lead
but now has done us quite well
Percent the goal or equalizer
But Perthes had so far released powers and a bit
Confidence given for the upcoming tasks
come and call now
that does not really remember a research gap
run to it
and still had won 1 0 because we now with 7 8
we had to give and you quietly believe that tourists can be in Egypt
or when we come to Minden
around
in principle
Less of a businessman - play from the last round then when you get to the
Analyze and sometimes the games
Verdi's opponent recently Cathert because she then Ventelo otherwise
Staff but another exhibition games
clearly what was annoying at the time
dpa at that time was more in it but they did well
and I believe that at home
is normal that the home game will occur differently
like here at the away game
We usually do that too
NBA the games good union
who with the services
I think the players off right
it was clear that the sun was on the horizon
that the German over
gorgeous and Saab the games compact the
Players just rest
the sprinter success you
so that Daum could do a little running
and 2
I've pillaged me mom I know that once
explain yes we have
Percent gave the situation or opponent directed a player off the field
has been
What convinced me it is already over a backlog
if it is logical for me to switch to relatively new oven IV
and around
of course he was at the time he was playing
has offered itself through its power to grow again that is
no matter how long in the field he has not had a good day
also the stupid
Münz might come up with the first question. "Sperber" We have that
Percent expects clearly addressed with the player
but a x- and I said that also percent
it is also based on the reaction of the player it is nothing
sang mourning and dealt with the Essenes
the players the every training session
at every player
in order for that to show the situation
and from Trier
Systems ticked off for me and I then judge Natalies forums
then too
as I fill the squad so because of
this fact
Maybe to finish saying a player is not demonized with me
Power you have to know so without toys
and with us there are many hardships that partly after a performance on 10
Had used weeks before
because you have to betrayed piece far well present yes and
that's it, too
there too
to take account of the player also responsible for a squad
Place was taken by Dr
been chosen
and percent coaches respond to the performance
Emily the Witcher pays
the first time
trained again
around
we left out in the EXR but still around
Sbisa has 19
he does on the inner band that is still so far
orderly
I think that will become one
only a bit of land because feel but it is important that it is true
the knee and Neuenstadt - that's just it
a small heater and fail Murcia Hofburg
due to illness
otherwise percent so far gives back in the squad
Yates
especially since i fit the personal details no one sits doubtful% shortly
Amri could not train because of today
Arvato Mobile will have to wait for tomorrow
smallest area is
but we think about listening to imports make Hannover
"That's still considering it clean
Machnig worse when it's good in Carroll for the crew
for the prevention of board
Mr. Rechtsschutz sales success calculator
rushing festivals set before
one is hopped the ice
We hope that you make class play that you have to but already worth it and then
hammer
additional customers day later
to celebrate this detention on yourself